docs: updated the maintenance url and removed irc (#498)
SUSE/connect: PACKAGE.md

osc -A https://api.suse.de maintained SUSEConnect
```

> For a more detailed view which target codestreams are in which state, check out: [Codestream overview](https://maintenance.suse.de/maintained/?package=SUSEConnect)

Reviewer: Had a quick look at the source code of that page... I think you can replace `package` with `q`:

https://maintenance.suse.de/maintained/?q=suseconnect

> For a more detailed view which target codestreams are in which state, find the
> `SUSEConnect` package on
> [maintenance.suse.de](https://maintenance.suse.de/maintained/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a more detailed view which target codestreams are in which state, check out: [Codestream overview](https://maintenance.suse.de/maintained/?q=SUSEConnect)
```
